The
You!
Yes!
You're under the watch.
What?
The bottom of the watch is empty, so you're under the watch.
What? Don't make a sound like you've broken something.
You're under the watch.
Koto-san, can you give me some sake?
Yes!
Did you drink or drink?
Hey, don't be so rude.
I can't drink bitter sake.
Yes!
Please come in.
Hey, wait a minute.
I'll have strawberry.
Yes, and I'll have cake.
Cake? I was surprised.
If it's cake, say it louder.
Thank you for waiting.
Here it is.
Hey, have a drink.
I'm sorry, but I'll drink it all.
You're so stubborn.
Don't say bad things.
No one will say that you're a garbage collector.
Hey, your hands are dirty.
Are they your hands?
They're like baseball gloves.
It doesn't matter, but you have big fingers.
Do you have small fingers?
They're the same in size and length.
They're like five bananas.
You're a meaty man, but you're full of flesh.
You're not a moonfish, are you?
I'm not a crab.
You're getting tired of saying that.
You're holding back.
You have to have more guts.
I'm not talking about your guts.
I'm talking about your guts.
Here it is.
Hey, this is sour.
It's a bitter drink.
I've had a lot of sweet and spicy drinks,
but this is the first time it's been sour.
Is there anything else?
I'll bring it back.
Thank you.
What fish do you want?
Which fish did you eat?
You don't need it?
I don't need it.
What fish do you want?
What fish can you make?
I can make a fish like a fish.
You're so fast.
I didn't understand it at all.
I understood the end of the word.
You have to make it longer and slower.
I can make a fish like a fish.
I'm worried about the end.
I can make anything.
I'm sorry, but can you make a fish like a fish?
What?
A fish like a fish.
I can't make that.
You said it.
No.
Then try again.
I can make a fish like a fish.
What?
I'm worried about the end.
Bring it back.
This is a bitter drink.
You're so talkative.
Bring one more person.
I can't make that.
It's a drink.
Thank you.